# Crop land detection from remote sensing data

### Team Name : Sandeep&Mahdi 
<br>
There are 5 files in the code.
<br><br>
<b>Grid Search Random Forest</b> :- This notebook file deals with running the grid search for finding best params for Random Forest with cross validation included inside the search. To obtain the best params run the cells from top to down.
<br><br>
<b>NaiveBayes</b> :- This notebook file deals with the Naive Bayes classifier and generating the relevant diagrams and reports for it. Run the cells in the sequence to recreate the results of authors.
<br><br>
<b>Random_Forest_CatBoost_SVM</b> :- This notebook file contains the Random Forest method used to generate the best f1 score obtained by the authors as well as SVM based NuSVC classifier and also the Catboost classifier. This file has a method <b>generate_result</b> which takes results and a file name to generate the output file (need to remove the autogenerated index from it) to upload it to Kaggle. Follow the cell sequence of top to down and check the comments in the file to recreate the results.
<br><br>
<b>XGBoost</b>:- This file deals with the best XGBoost model made by the authors. It deals with generating relevant reports and diagrams for this specific method. To recreate the results please run the cells top to down and follow the comments inside the notebook file.
<br><br>
<b>RF_report_visual</b> :- This file is just for plotting the confusion matrix for the best random forest model and generating the classification report which was used for the report submission. To generate the results run all the cells from top to bottom.